c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\obj\Debug\TemplateApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\TemplateApp.dll.config
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\TemplateApp.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\TemplateApp.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\obj\Debug\TemplateApp.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\obj\Debug\TemplateApp.pdb
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\Dynamitey.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\Dynamitey.pdb
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\Dynamitey.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Interactive.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Interactive.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
