c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\obj\Debug\TemplateApp.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\TemplateApp.Tests.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\TemplateApp.Tests.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\TemplateApp.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\TemplateApp.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\obj\Debug\TemplateApp.Tests.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\obj\Debug\TemplateApp.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\TemplateApp.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Dynamitey.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Dynamitey.pdb
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Dynamitey.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.dll
C:\Users\John\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TemplateApp\TemplateApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.xml
